Make `ExtractComponentPlugin` etc. generic on `AppLabel` (#24423)
bevyengine/bevy: _release-content/migration-guides/extract-extract.md

pub struct Foo { ... }
```

> You can also extract a component from the main subapp to the render subapp, and to the audio subapp

Reviewer: As much as this is cool, I’m not sure this is worth mentioning in a migration guide specifically, since as far as i can tell, it doesn’t require a user to change anything that may be breaking in their app as a result of these changes. I don’t have a strong opinion though. If keeping, I’d reword it to:

```suggestion
You can now extract a component from the main subapp to multiple subapps. To extract a component to multiple subapps, list them as arguments to `extract_app`:
```

If extracting to multiple subapps is something worth mentioning though, I would feel it’s more appropriate in a release note (although TBD by a maintainer if that new capability is worth advertising)

Author: I fully expect this is be cut from the release notes tbh it's very niche.  I like your wording better, will use that.
